### LICENSE / ANTILICENSE

## README
- To me the concept of "License" for an artist doesn't make any sense. All my creative works are always and forever All Rights Reserved, the instant I even conceive of them. They just have to fit the requirements for copyrightable materials, and those requirements should be very strict;
- As you will see, the requirements for copyrightability and patentability will become more and more strict. It will become more and more difficult to patent just about anything. My prediction is that the whole global copyright/patent system not only needs to be completely rebuilt, it is currently being completely rebuilt;
- In fact, as an owner of a vast array of intellectual property, and having been the victim of countless abuses especially of my moral rights as an artist, I am FOR something like the TPP precisely because it "levels the playing field" as they say, for EVERYONE, GLOBALLY;
- You might think that it's going to hurt the small independent contractor such as myself, a professional painter, musical composer, author of works of fiction and non-fiction. It won't though. I haven't been able to secure my own moral rights, or my economic rights either, for a lifetime of working in these fields. If that's the situation for me, what must it be like for Big Players who operate internationally, across continents, in massive business operations spanning countless nations, peoples, languages, cultures, and countless legal frameworks too?
- The reality is that it's much worse the more valuable your assets are, and the more of those assets you have. The more skin you have in the game, the riskier the business gets. Big Players are playing a Big, High-Stakes Game. I'm a little player, I am doing something that is more or less an "evolved hobby";
- It's not true that someone is just going to steal my lifetime of intellectual property and copyright it and screw me. They have already done that repeatedly, and every time, I rebuilt everything from scratch. My ideas just get stolen as soon as they pop up in my head. I had to give up on securing my moral rights a long time ago. So I just out-innovate the innovators. I'm faster than you, I'm smarter than you, and I'm a good person. An actual good person, one of the few left on earth. And I can't be stopped;
- I don't steal from others, I don't even jaywalk. I don't steal others' intellectual properties. If I want to hear the latest Sting album, I purchase it in hard cold cash at a music store. I'm not very rich, I'm actually very poor as I am writing this. But I did just that when Sting's new album came out. I bought it. It actually cost me less today than some albums I bought in the late 1990s. I was doing it because I have a conscience and I really wanted to heard this album about the Old Shipyards. But I only became proud after I realized that it cost me less now than it did then;
- That's not a good thing. An album, whether it's in CD form or as a digital download, costs MORE to produce today than it every did, except maybe in the beginning if you adjust for inflation. Building the highest quality recording studio costs more today than it did 20 years ago. The advancement of technology did not bring down the cost of EVERYTHING. The mixing boards got cheaper if you're buying something for your home studio. That still remains true now as it always did. The plastic they use to make the CD cases is probably a lot cheaper. Processes, operations, etc., can be cost-cut, BUT EXCELLENCE ALWAYS COMES AT A HEFTY PRICE;
- Hence my Antilicense. No licensing framework currently exists for what I am doing, other than not including a license. But the trick is that you'd have to be crazy to not put a license in a Github Repository. Unless, of course, you weren't building software, which is my case. But even then, the ABSENCE OF A LICENSE is a good thing for me, because I don't have anything to license to anyone, nor do I want to license anything to anyone, nor do I ever want to license any of my creations to anyone. I am not going to give you ANY rights that you don't already have by virtue of law or good grace or whatever it was that gave you those rights you retain;
- No, I'm not going to do it. I'm not falling for it. I'm not licensing anything. No license;
- [...]

[A.G. (c) 2016. ![A.G. (c) 2016. All Rights Reserved]
(https://historiotheque.files.wordpress.com/2016/11/ag_signature_official_2015_50px_cropped.jpg) All Rights Reserved.](http://alexgagnon.com)
